The Joe Rogan experience.
Is it amazing to you as somebody who spent so long thinking about other worldly
visitors that now they're releasing all this information and no one really
cares? Well, the world is in such chaos. No one cares. No one cares.
I couldn't care if it happened during the middle of the Obama administration and
everything was going great. It would be giant news. And what, uh, is the news,
even that the Pentagon just can't account for all these unidentified flying
objects. Yeah. They don't know what they are. Okay.
There's some of 'em that could easily be drones because they're not moving at
spectacular speeds. Right.
They're just sort of like hovering over aircraft carriers.
Those could be drones.
They could be some new style of drone or some new kind of technology that maybe
some foreign government has,
but there's other ones that were spotted by air force
pilots and then tracked.
And they have detailed data on the speed of
these things. They have video of these things going. What,
what appears to be thousands of miles an hour instantaneously Excel
with no visible propulsion system, no heat, signature.
They don't know what the this is. Yeah.
And this is from 2004 off the Nimitz commander, David Frager,
who was a fighter jet. Pilot is like, like rock solid credentials.
You can't. Yeah. And I've talked to the guy,
I had him on my podcast and even better.
He was on Lex podcast and Lex didn't even better up.
And I didn't talk to him for two plus hours about this.
And the guy's incredibly credible. That thing. Whenever he was tracking,
went from the Nimitz, tracked it. They tracked it on radar.
They tracked it with, um, their, uh, the, the onboard sensors, the,
the, the things they use for targeting enemy crafts.
They tracked this thing from the Nimitz.
It went 80,000 feet above sea level to 50 feet in
a second. That's crazy. They don't know what the it is.
They don't know what it is. They know that it was jamming their radar.
They know it was jamming them. And,
and then it moved when it took off and in same rates of speed,
they couldn't even watch it. It, it just it's gone.
And then it re reemerged at the cat point,
the cat point is the predetermined location where the jets are supposed to
scramble to right during this exercise. So it's literally saying,
I know where you guys are going, right. You're going over here. Right.
Whatever the it is, who knows. But does that mean that it's from another planet?
No. It could be something insane technology that the military's developed
that we don't know. It could be dark because there,
there ha have you seen that where the military there's patents for UFO
type. See if you can find what those are because they're developing,
or at least they're,
they've attempted develop some sort of gravitational drive that would
indicate that.
At least there's been some thought about developing a craft like that. Now,
if you put a person in one of these things and you shot,
'em off thousands of miles, and now they turn into jello. Right. But who says,
it's a person who knows. We got a Rover on Mars right now, taking pictures.
There's a helicopter attached to it. Right?
You got high resolution photographs from Mars. Here it is.
Doc show Navy got UFO patent granted by warning of similar Chinese
tech advances. This is what I'm saying.
Patent document indicates that the us and China are actively,
actively developing radical new craft.
That seem eerily similar to UFOs reported by Navy pilots. Now,
if they're,
if this is like on paper somewhere where they're trying to get patents,
and they're telling you that Chinese, the Chinese, uh,
the military already has something like this.
What we're getting is years later, right?
They've been probably developing like this reject forever.
So they probably have some sort of working thing that can move
in extraordinary ways.
We are not gonna care until there's a Mars attack style raid on the white house.
Like that movie attack. Yeah.
If you are not gonna cut you don't land with Ray guns and start blasting people,
I don't even give a like, no, one's gonna care. We're real weird with it now.
Yeah.
I I've always said that if aliens are real earth is the Tijuana of outer space.
You're not kidding.
And they come down here when they're up and they wanna see a show. Yeah.
That's exactly right. And then they, they're not trying to, no,
one's trying to safety. You want no, no. Nobody's thinking about it. Yeah.
It's a place that you go and they mention it in a movie. Yeah.
Every now and then you see a donkey show. Yeah.
Robert Rodriguez features it in a vampire movie and then you get out of there.
It, it, it's interesting.
It's the one conspiracy that I've never gotten into that much because there's
just the,
the information is so tough to come by that I've just always said,
if it's, I, I, nothing would surprise me. Nothing would surprise me.
There's something going on. There's something going on. But what that,
something is remains to be seen.
Have you seen that video that men in black that walk into, they walk into this?
Um, it's just two very tall, weird dudes that walk into like a, uh,
hotel and then leave Jamie, you could find it easily.
And it's just these guys that were supposedly like, you know,
something weird happened. And supposedly there are guys that come in,
like after something weird happens and like shut it down.
And they both very tall and very,
and I don't know if it's fake or I don't think it is fake though,
but I don't know. It could be fake. Where, where, where can one find this video?
I it's on YouTube or something. Jamie could find it's the real men in black.
It's like the real, you know, whatever, you know,
supposedly there was something that happened where I don't know
somebody went in after it, like somebody had to go respond to something.
And these two, like weird looking dudes came in very strange.
There's gotta be a men in black. If there are, if we know about,
there's gotta be some, uh, part of the government that deals with that.
Well, there's two schools of thought, right?
One school of thought is that the government is way too incompetent to ever keep
anything from anybody. That's not true. That's not true. Right.
And there's other schools that thought where you're like, no, they there's a,
a perceived Buffon.
That's attached to some level of government because there's a lot of people in
government that are idiots. Right. But at like,
there's a lot of people that work at ups that are idiot idiots. Yeah.
But if you get highest levels of the organization, they know what they're doing.
Yeah. I mean, if you're gonna send to the highest levels of the CIA or the NSA,
you're gonna probably be brilliant. Right.
What are the odds that you're not right? You're probably gonna have a deep,
deep, and a good person, the best people,
but you're gonna have a deep understanding of, of what's going on of yeah.
Foreign policy and how to manipulate things.
And did you not find the men in black video?
Not really. I found something, but it was like all it was animation and stuff.
It wasn't really like a hotel.
So, no, I don't know if it was a hotel.
It was just two guys that walked in and then left and they looked.
Very strange. The video I found is a,
it's like a description of events of like that happening. I didn't find it.
Okay. Actual video. I'm.
Looking well, it's always been one of those things, a part of UFO folklore,
right. That these men and black folks. Yeah. They look oddly fake.
They look like fake looking skin. You show up. Yeah. But that's what I would do.
If I was gonna go interview some guy about, uh, UFOs, you know what I would do?
I'd put like weird white makeup on. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And dress in a black suit.
And I'd ask him strange questions while wearing and sunglasses. Yeah.
And I have him freak out. Why not? Why not with him? Yeah.
Why not leave him to the point where what he's gonna tell all his friends is so
crazy. No, one's gonna believe it. Well, that's part of, I think what,
what a lot of it is. Well, imagine if you have a,
an aircraft that's shaped like a pyramid. Right.
And you're flying it over Philadelphia. Yeah. Here it.
Is. Okay. That's all it is. I don't know what.
This up. Yeah. Dudes wearing suits. It is to me that proves it. Yeah.
What is that? Proves it to me. What does this say?
That proves it to me. What is the, uh, Niagara falls show canceled?
What is that.
Immediately?
Okay. What does he say?
Point we have perhaps most conclusive evidence of the real men in black hotel
in Canada.
And the manager was a little disturbed when his bellboy informed him that the
previous day the hotel had been visited by two tall men dressed completely
in black, who demanded to speak to him. Maybe.
There were Johnny Cash pants. The is, I mean, so they're just men.
This is what's ridiculous about conspiracy theories.
Those are two guys wearing suits, have eyebrows. I have a suit.
Do you have a suit? Yes,
but I don't think they have eyebrows now that what is this?
They had no eyebrows. Oh, see, that's what I would do.
I would shave my eyebrows or put some makeup on over 'em so that I look like a
weirdo and then make them uncomfortable when they're telling their friends, man,
I'm gonna believe this. Look at these guys. Here they are. Okay.
That's gotta be from a movie. Right? What is that? I don't know.
What is that image from? Let that guy play it out. Let's hear.
And that concludes.
Our look at the men in black. But remember.
Guys gets.
At just a handful of real life accounts involving these mystery men.
There are many more stories to look at online.
Oh, a British online. There's a British guy. There's the men in black.
There are many mysteries to look at as long as there's more stories. Yeah.
Online, that's more content online.
We can sink our teeth into catch new episodes.
The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.